[Music]
- on mouth pocket surprise extra huh
I love you more than anything inaudible
[Music]
mrs. Hansen uh-huh I'm sorry to tell you
this your husband was in a car accident
he died on the scene yesterday tomorrow
we should probably start thinking about
funeral arrangements I'm not ready for
that
nobody's ready for anything like this
honey
[Music]
I had a dream that felt so real you
could swear it was actually happening it
was only a dream
everything's going to be fine I fell
asleep together yesterday he was right
next to me Minda gym is gone I wake up
and he's dead I wake up and he's alive
obviously you're dealing with some
inconsistencies I wake up every morning
to find my husband and died again I
think that goes just a little beyond
inconsistent how do you know my husband
just thought that after we talked we
talked
well yeah yesterday I've never met you
before in my life the husband was in a
fatal car crash on Wednesday a strange
he showed up in my office on Tuesday
claiming he was already dead
so he was gonna die before the accident
yet Oh God
Jim don't go on this trip please one of
the keys I'm Carl Francis it's nice to
meet you
yes something bad is going to happen
it's never too late to fight for what's
important in your life
I don't know what to fight for
Sandra Bullock my life Jim died the same
thing is killing him
honey Jim's already dead
premonition